>> Paul DeBettignies: Track
everything you do.
Here's why I'm saying this.
Let's say today you reach out to
sports engine for that intern role.
Also, it's a year ago,
you reached out to sports engine.
It's now today and
you can't remember who you spoke to.
And for some reason you still don't
have the email in your outbox.
Keep track of what resumé you sent
to who on what day for what role and
where you found it at.
Because one day Jesse Howard won't
be working at sports engine and
she's got me working at SPSS commerce or
any other technology company in town.
And maybe you had a phone conversation
with Jesse and what really really well but
they didn't accept they didn't take
you for the role and that's fine.
But now your email to Jesse as hey Jesse,
you may not remember me but you and
I spoke January of 2017 about the intern
role your head of sports engine then you
told me to stay in touch with me.
You will guess what I am.
Because I see now on your website at your
new company, you're looking for this.
She's going to get back to you.
What happens though is that we're always
looking for jobs today, today, today,
today, and we for get about.
And so will we in two years, in four
years, in seven years down the road.
Depending on where you live and
where you're listening to this
presentation I'm giving,
in Minneapolis-Saint Paul,
we always have what Minneapolis–Saint Paul
being a really large small town.
It's not six degrees of separation for
I always jokingly call it 2.2.
If you're a developer in town and
you're connected to Mark Obranski here at
Frontend Masters, you have access to like
a third of the community from the get go.
One person knows that many.
Or knows, right?
Could be very wide, not so deep sometimes.
Because here's the thing,
that person who's saying no to you today,
that CTO who is saying no to you today
will be at a new group in six years.
Don't lose track of these folks.
Remember, write it all down.
Plus, the other reason is this.
The last thing you want to do have Jesse
from sports engine call you up a little
out of the blue and ask you to talk
about that role and you don't remember
sending your resumé to them because
those conversations suck really bad.
You're who, about what?
Actually happened to
me three weeks ago and
I'm like the conversation
didn't last four minutes.
I was like how do you
not keep track of this?
I judged that person.
They probably could have been
really awesome, but I'm like,
if you can't remember this one thing,
what else don't you remember?
I don't like to be that judgmental but
on things like this I am
to keep track of folks.